Adding t5 (#357)
onnx/models: text/machine_comprehension/t5/README.md

# T5

## Use-cases
Transformer-based language model trained on multiple tasks including summarization, sentiment-analysis, q&a, translation etc.
The implementation in this repo is an adaptation of the [onnxt5 repo](https://github.com/abelriboulot/onnxt5) which makes the export and use of T5 with ONNX easier.

## Description
[T5](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.10683) is a transformer model which aims to provide great flexibility and provide better semantic
understanding through the training of multiple tasks at once.

## Model

 |Model        |Download  | Compressed |ONNX version|Opset version|
|-------------|:--------------|:--------------|:--------------|:--------------|
|T5-encoder       |[650.6 MB](model/t5-encoder.onnx) | [205.0 MB](model/t5-encoder.tar.gz)| 1.6 | 12 

> |T5-decoder-with-lm-head |[304.9 MB](model/t5-decoder-with-lm-head.onnx) | [304.9 MB](model/t5-decoder-with-lm-head.tar.gz)| 1.6 | 12 

Reviewer: Can you rename your models to t5-encoder-12.onnx, t5-decoder-with-lm-head-12.onnx etc? We maintain the opsets in the file names in case we have multiple versions.

### Source

> Huggingface PyTorch T5 + script changes ==> ONNX T5-encoder

Reviewer: Can you elaborate on "script changes" with little more detail?

Huggingface PyTorch T5 + script changes ==> ONNX T5-decoder-with-lm-head

## Inference
The script for ONNX model conversion and ONNX Runtime inference is [here](dependencies/T5-export.py).
More complete utilities to export and use the models are maintained in the [onnxt5 repo](https://github.com/abelriboulot/onnxt5).

### Input to model
This implementation takes as inputs a prompt which begins by the task at hand here. Examples of some tasks include ```summarize: <PROMPT>```,
```translate English to French: <PROMPT>```, ```cola sentence: <PROMPT>```, etc.
For the full list of task you can refer to the appendix D of the [original paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10683.pdf).

### Preprocessing steps

> The easiest way to use the model is to use the onnxt5 utilities (installable with ```pip install onnxt5```).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to use the model is to use the onnxt5 utilities (installation instructions: ```pip install onnxt5```).
```

In that case you can use the model with the following piece of code:
```python
from onnxt5 import GenerativeT5
from onnxt5.api import get_encoder_decoder_tokenizer
decoder_sess, encoder_sess, tokenizer = get_encoder_decoder_tokenizer()
generative_t5 = GenerativeT5(encoder_sess, decoder_sess, tokenizer, onnx=True)
prompt = 'translate English to French: I was a victim of a series of accidents.'
output_text, output_logits = generative_t5(prompt, max_length=100, temperature=0.)
# output_text: "J'ai été victime d'une série d'accidents."
```

> Or if you wish to produce the embeddings of a sentence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or if you wish to produce the embeddings of a sentence:
```
(grammar consistency nitpick)
